♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 14)
I like you.
I like you, too!
How could you cheat on her?
Please don't speak ill of my boyfriend
behind his back.
Nice to meet you. I'm Ren Yiyang.
Nice to meet you. I'm your Chinese tutor.
My name is Zhou Xiao.
You buy me dinner?
Sure.
Zhou Xiao.
(Episode 15: Have No Fear,
Your Elder Sister Is Here)
Remember to bring a rubber band.
So she can tie her hair
with the rubber band during meals.
Put an umbrella in your backpack.
It'd better be the type of umbrella
with sun and rain protection.
If her phone model is different from yours,
bring a charger cable
designed for her phone model.
Bring some pocket money.
I barely got into the dorm
before the dorm keeper
locked the dorm door.
It's a good thing I have long legs.
Hey.
I waited for Chen Yu for the whole night.
He never showed up.
But I'm not giving up.
I'll still be waiting there tomorrow.
My love
is really touching.
Are you and Chen Yu really not close?
Think it over.
What should we do now?
This is not right.
We should be investigating.
Come on. Let's go to Chen Yu's apartment.
Beat him before anything else.
You'll upset Lu.
Take a seat.
Why would I be upset?
Don't change your shoes.
What's happening?
Take a seat, Lu.
Come here.
Well,
today,
Xie Yixing came to me
for Chen Yu.
We think
we should talk to you.
I have asked him.
He said these things belonged to his cousin.
Not buying it.
Haven't you heard of this saying?
Boys with rubber bands
are no easy preys.
I've never heard of this saying.
Then you have heard of it now.
I don't want to hear from you right now.
I don't care. You have heard of it.
Aw.
Stop fighting.
Someone is going to take advantage of Lu.
It's okay, Wei.
Who am I?
I get to pick on people.
People can never get to pick on me.
But we are
really worried about you.
Yeah.
Alright.
If I need you guys,
I will ask for your help.
Look at you.
You all look so worried.
I'd like to treat you to late-night snacks.
Interested?
Yes.
Come on.
It's weekend.
Why did you ask me out early in the morning?
See for yourself.
What is this?
(Places to choose for our first date)
Plan A: Go to a theater.
The movies currently playing in the theater
include "This Is Not What I Expected",
"The Fate of the Furious"
and "Mad World".
To keep Zhou Xiao in a good mood,
it's suggested to choose
between the first movie and the second movie.
Plan B: Go to a hot pot restaurant.
It is a noisy place.
But Zhou Xiao put emphasis on it
when talking to me yesterday.
So it has been made into an alternative plan.
Will you go on a date with me?
As I said, I won't disappoint you.
Where are we going?
We will go
wherever you want to go.
This DIY workshop
looks interesting to me.
Let's go to this place.
Come on.
Let's go.
Sit tight.
Oh.
♪Yesterday it rained and I
gave you an umbrella. I forgot.♪
♪Today you came to me
and told me that I didn't.♪
♪I was wishing you to give me a surprise,♪
♪putting an umbrella behind me.♪
♪It shows you're as carefree as a child,
without worries.♪
♪Especially your smile
makes the sunlight brighter.♪
♪Even though you're in a daze
and a little clumsy,♪
♪I won't give up on you.♪
♪As time passes by, we're still happy.♪
Hold me.
♪How can we make a turn and finally
arrive at the place where we're happy?♪
♪Each beam of light♪
♪can lead to love.♪
♪As time passes by, we love each other more.♪
♪Love is simple. Let's hold each other.♪
♪It's so easy.♪
♪Our hearts will only
be filled with happiness.♪
Put it in your bag.
OK.
♪Today you came to me
and told me that I didn't.♪
Done.
Go.
Hold on tight.
Here we go.
Yeah.
♪Especially your smile
makes the sunlight brighter.♪
♪Even though you're in a daze
and a little clumsy,♪
♪I won't give up on you.♪
Welcome.
What would you like to do?
We will have a look.
All our programs are here.
Feel free to learn more about them.
Okay. Thank you.
Check this out.
Gu Weiyi.
(The Work of Gu Weiyi)
He made a pile of poop.
I want to make it too.
I'll make a bigger pile of poop
and give it to you as a present.
No need to be so polite.
You don't want it?
It's actually creative.
And it's related to our lives.
What are you doing?
This is better, right?
Right.
Much better.
Thanks.
You are welcome.
Boys with rubber bands
are no easy preys.
He acted so adeptly
when he tied my hair.
Lu.
Are you going on a date with Chen Yu?
No.
Then why are you wearing a face mask?
Can't I look good for myself?
You can.
Speak of the devil.
I have found the evidence you asked for.
I have got the girl's phone number for you.
You can call her to verify my words.
You'll decide whether to break up with him.
It's none of my business.
Lu.
What's wrong?
(I'm resolving this matter.
This is her number. )
Outrageous.
I'm going to ask Fang Wei
for a weapon right now.
What happened?
Look.
I'll go out and make a call.
What are you marking?
Make a guess.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Your work looks so ugly.
I can't even guess what it is.
Let me have a look.
No.
Hello? Lazy Ling.
I'm going on a date with Zhao Fanzhou.
Got no time to bring you a meal.
It's not about that.
Xie Yixing has found evidence
of Chen Yu's infidelity.
Lu said to confront Chen Yu
in the cafe right now.
What?
Lu is going to the cafe to confront Chen Yu?
I'll be back soon.
On second thought,
we are grownups.
We should give Lu
some private space,
so that she can handle her relationship.
So,
we should let Lu go alone?
Hold on a second.
I need to answer the phone outside.
Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao, where are you?
How can you do this?
You can't just stand by.
I'm not standing by.
I was putting on an act for Zhao Fanzhou.
Right now,
you need to take everything
that can be used as a weapon
from our dorm room.
This might be a tough fight.
Okay.
But
Lu said she would handle it herself.
We'll follow her in secret.
If she can handle it, we will disappear.
If she gets picked on,
we will fight for her.
Yes.
I'll be there soon.
Bring the knife.
The hair curler.
What else have you got?
Wei.
Bring your pen.
I want the pen with the sharpest nib.
Got it.
It's been a long time.
Why is Chen Yu still not here?
I'm getting sick from sitting.
Lower your voice.
Don't let yourself be noticed.
He is so antsy.
Why did you bring him here?
In case there is a fight,
he can protect Lu with his life.
No wonder you are
the president of Detective Club.
You see the truth and you get me.
Chen Yu is here. Chen Yu is here.
But I have something else to do today.
That's all right.
Sorry.
You must have waited for me long.
It's okay.
Lately, I have been busy
showing my father around
instead of spending time with you.
You aren't mad, are you?
Why would I be mad?
Here. Get something to drink.
What's up with Lu?
Is she reluctant to break up?
Wait. Just wait.
I don't see anything I want to drink.
You'd better order a drink.
It'll steady your nerves later.
What's going on?
Didn't you say you wouldn't be mad?
You know
I'm not good at comforting my girlfriend.
So
you are saying
I am
your girlfriend.
What are you talking about?
Of course you are my girlfriend.
How come you are here?
Chen Yu.
I never knew you are this kind of person.
I'm breaking up with you.
Listen to me.
Let me go.
Your touch disgusts me now.
Thank you.
Wow.
Lu was right.
She doesn't need us.
So cool.
That's the girl I like.
Lu.
You think this is funny?
I think it's extremely funny.
You confessed your love for me.
I didn't force you.
So?
Girls who court boys are worthless.
Don't you know that?
I don't know.
And I don't want to know
anything about men like you.
You shouldn't have played with me
if you couldn't pay the price.
Drop your act.
Who says I was playing with you?
What,
you got serious
and I had to do the same?
Do you know what the girls
of the Badminton Club
said about you behind your back?
Do you want me to repeat what they said?
Shut your mouth.
Apologize to Lu.
Apologize to her!
Did I say anything wrong?
I said to apologize!
Xie Yixing.
Believe it or not, I'm going to destroy you.
Let's leave this place.
Please.
Come on. Hurry up.
What are you doing?
Avenging our friend.
Wei.
This is not okay.
Get another one.
Hey.
This is for you taking advantage of Lu.
Sorry.
Stay away from Lu.
Stay away!
Run. Run.
I'll buy you a bottle of water.
Wait here for me.
This place is very soundproof.
No. I can't keep on running.
Why are we running?
You can't stop running.
What if he retaliates against us?
Just hit me.
I shouldn't have sneaked away.
I put my friends before you.
I was heartless.
(999 Ganmaoling Granules)
Why do you give me this thing?
Because I worry about you.
Why would you worry about me?
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
You take such good care of people.
Aren't you opening it?
Why should I open it now?
I know it contains granules.
Open it.
A tobacco pipe.
Why is this thing here?
I made it.
You made it?
Why did you make it?
You love being a detective, right?
Right.
Every detective has a tobacco pipe.
Why are you smiling?
Nothing.
I just think your gift is interesting.
I like it.
Great.
But how did it come to your mind?
Professor Hu gave me the idea.
You are a relationship expert.
You don't need anyone to teach you.
What do you mean?
I...
You just feel
like a relationship expert to me.
I won't deny.
I knew it.
You knew what?
I'm not
fussing about anything
or prying
into your privacy.
I'm just curious.
Seriously, how many relationships
did you have?
Like a thousand times?
Only once.
How long did it last?
One week.
You broke up so fast.
I haven't broken up with her yet.
Then I'm the other woman.
The only relationship
I have ever had is with you.
So you are new at this.
You've been acting like
you are a relationship expert.
If you can't say the right thing,
don't say anything.
Wait,
how did you get
so good at tying people's hair?
It's not that hard.
It's not hard?
When I was a kid, I spent a long time
learning how to tie my hair.
I said it wasn't hard, and it isn't hard.
Oh. Okay.
I've got a piece of advice for you.
Since you are new at this,
don't ever claim
that you are
a relationship expert again.
It's not good.
Water. Water. Water.
Ms. Liu.
I'm here for the latest book list
that requires an update of bar codes.
Hang on. I'll look for it.
Okay.
Ms. Huang.
Professor Hu of
the Department of Forensic Medicine
needs to borrow a precious literature
and I'm here to ask you for the key.
Fill in the register form.
Okay.
I've finished filling in the form.
Here is the key.
Thank you, Ms. Huang.
I have finally found it.
Zhao Fanzhou.
What else do you need?
I'm waiting for Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao.
Ms. Liu, I'll get going.
Zhou Xiao is...
She is my girlfriend.
Ms. Liu, I have to go now.
Why is he...
Why is he
telling us about that?
Stop telling people I'm your girlfriend.
Why?
Do your best to keep a low profile.
I don't want to keep a low profile.
Why?
Because I want
status.
You sound like a dissatisfied housewife.
What are you doing now?
You need to fetch meals for Lu these days.
Let me update the bar codes for you.
You'll do that?
You are the best.
And what do you say about my status?
You are my boyfriend.
I'm going to the cafeteria.
What's wrong?
I seem to have forgotten
to bring my cafeteria card.
Use mine.
I'll give it back to you tomorrow.
No need to give it back.
Let it stay at your place.
I don't want it.
Zhou Xiao.
Lu has stopped
coming here to eat.
I have waited for her
in the cafeteria for days.
She hasn't been having much
of an appetite recently.
Still because of Chen Yu?
Yeah.
I'll have a serving of Wet Fried Beef Rice.
I have no appetite.
Eat as much as you can.
Eat food today
or take medicine tomorrow.
Lu,
I hope you can be thankful
that you never gain weight from eating.
You...
You should be retaliating against
the delicious foods all over the world.
Are you performing a group crosstalk?
I really have no appetite.
Lu.
We will eat with you.
You should get your appetite back now.
Come on.
Take these.
For you,
I'm willing to gain weight.
Start eating.
Let's dine together.
You won.
I will eat.
Hello?
Lu.
I have bought tickets to an amusement park.
Let's have fun there.
I'm not going to an amusement park.
You can go alone.
Wish you a good time.
I've taken pains...
Lu,
did someone just ask you out?
Xie Yixing proposed a trip
to the amusement park.
I turned him down.
Since you aren't in a good mood,
you should relax a bit outside.
I'm not going.
Hey,
where is the bravery you showed that day?
How come the breakup
has driven you out of character?
I've stayed strong for too long.
It has exhausted me.
Have some food.
I'm helping Professor Hu with his experiment.
Will you come to me
after delivering food?
I will.
Come in.
Why aren't you coming in?
Are you the only person here?
What do you expect?
I was afraid that Professor Hu
would be here too
and he would drive me out.
Don't be afraid.
You are my girlfriend now.
What weird experiment
are you doing this time?
Identifying the hair's blood type.
Hair has a blood type?
A human's hair
contains the same blood type
as that of the human.
We can identify the hair's blood type
with the thermal dissociation method.
Show me then.
Okay.
Slow down.
Is that it?
I see it.
Got to jot it down.
It's a sudden kiss from my muse.
Muse
is the goddess of art.
I'm saying
you have inspired me.
Take a seat.
You don't even know that.
I'm a literary giant,
but my boyfriend has
no appreciation for literature.
Do you know why?
Why?
Because I only heard the word
"kiss".
I'm warning you. Don't come near.
What are you doing now?
It hurts.
You tease me.
(Name:
The Bloodthirsty Two-faced Medical Examiner.)
Hello?
Zhou,
Zhou Xiao must be with you right now.
I called her and she didn't answer.
What do you need?
I need to ask her for a favor.
She is sleeping.
What?
It's not what you think.
Then what is going on?
I'm with her.
Who is that?
You are awake.
Xie Yixing wants to reach you.
What does he want from me?
Hello?
Hello.
Zhou Xiao, you two are moving
really fast in your relationship.
Huh?
Nothing.
I'm getting serious.
I need to ask you for a favor.
I want you
to persuade Lu
to go to the amusement park with me.
You might not believe me,
but I will tell you the truth.
Everyone in my dorm room
has tried to persuade her to go with you.
Really?
Then you should know
Lu is treating me awfully.
You know, I didn't get to finish my sentence
because Lu didn't let me.
She keeps turning me down.
She turned me down
before I could even start talking.
She has gone too far, you know?
I think I have
wasted my breath, you know?
How many nights
have I spent down Chen Yu's house?
How many mosquito bites have I got?
Poor me.
I tried to talk her around.
What?
You have got a sleep mark.
Let me rub it.
It's okay.
But I know
it's possible
for girls of her age
to do such a thing.
Yeah. Go on.
But she can't let love
make her head spin, you know?
I'm a poor wretch.
Right? You agree that I'm a poor wretch.
About Chen Yu...
Never mind.
Just remember
not to mention Chen Yu.
Well,
I'll make another attempt to help you.
Yeah.
Got to hang up.
Okay. Bye.
Why did you pinch my face?
Because you were talking to him for too long.
Didn't you give me the phone?
You...
No.
I must pinch your face in return.
Let me...
Just kidding.
Pinch it.
You'd better come over.
Not a chance.
You're back.
Where is Lu?
Cooperate with me.
We'll go to the amusement park with her.
Don't worry.
Lu.
♪Happy break up. May you be happy.♪
♪You can find a better one.♪
Have you got off the bed for once today?
I have.
I ate Wet Fried Beef Rice.
How fun the amusement park would be!
Even I want to go.
Just go out with Xie Yixing.
I don't want to see any male.
Fine.
Only the members of our dorm room will go.
I'm not going.
Just take a walk to relax your mind.
You can't just rot away
in the dorm room.
I would rather rot away.
Tao Ling, did you hear that?
Lu said she would rather
rot away in the dorm room
than go to the amusement park with us.
Is that so?
You want to rot away?
But
that's bad.
I'm going. I'm going. I'm going.
Wonderful.
Then we are going.
We'll go together.
Tao Ling.
I've promised Fang Wei
that I would go to the library with him.
Wei.
I have a lecture to attend.
You guys are heartless.
The two of us will go.
Whatever.
Wonderful.
Yeah, that's it.
Really?
Why is he standing here?
Who knows? He might be waiting for someone.
Standing here?
Let's go.
OK.
You could have called me to talk.
We can talk while walking.
You are being so mysterious.
There must be bad news.
Let's go.
I want to go on a date with you.
So you plan to lie to Lu
and take her to Xie Yixing.
It's Tao Ling's idea.
What idea?
She said
a breakup
was like losing your job
and finding a new job.
Nobody will care about their former employer
if they find better jobs.
Lu still hasn't moved on
from her last relationship
because she hasn't found a better boyfriend.
We have thought it over.
Xie Yixing
will be a fine boyfriend for her.
We can give him a try.
What's going on in those heads of yours?
That's not the point.
The point is you need to support me.
How?
Go there with me.
Why?
I'm afraid that Lu will hit me.
We haven't been busy lately.
And the Detective Club
needs to hold some club events.
This doesn't count as a club event.
Saving people comes before anything else.
How can you
let a damsel be trapped in love?
Will you do this with me?
Yeah.
I have even got a name
for our event.
It's called "Help for Depression".
What do you think?
I'm regretting a little.
Too late.
I have a question.
What is it?
It's like finding a new job.
That makes sense.
There are so many men in this world.
If this man doesn't work for me,
I will find another man.
On second thought,
I don't think it makes sense.
I'm loyal to you.
I would live in widowhood if you died.
Stop pinching my face.
My face is large already.
It can be larger.
(Next Episode)
I have even got a name for our event.
It's called
"Help for Depression".
If you ever want a boyfriend,
let me be your first choice.
Thank you for sharing
your secret base with me.
Look at the glorious fireworks
I've prepared for you.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪